Congrats. You are
now an expert on TD.
In previous modules, we discussed
dynamic programming
and Monte Carlo.
In this module, we
took some of the
best of both with TD learning.
We started by borrowing
important concept
from dynamic programming
called bootstrapping.
TD updates towards
a bootstrap return.
We can replace the return
after time step, t,
with the reward plus
our estimate of the value
in the next state.
We say TD updates
a guess from a guess.
It bootstraps its value estimates
towards the value
of the next state.
Then we discussed
the tabular TD zero algorithm.
The main takeaway here
is that TD can update
its value estimates on
each step of the episode.
It does not have to wait for
the episode to complete.
It just has to remember
the previous state.
How does TD compare to
Monte Carlo and
dynamic programming?
Well, TD often converges
faster than Monte Carlo,
TD does not require a model
unlike dynamic programming,
and TD is online and
fully incremental
unlike either Monte Carlo
or dynamic programming.
We learned how TD updates
its predictions as it
receives new information.
We demonstrated
this by predicting
how long it takes to
get home from work.
We use TD to continually refine
our predicted arrival time
at each stage of our drive home.
Finally, we ran
an experiment comparing
TD and Monte Carlo
on a random walk.
On every transition, TD updates
its value function to reflect
the most recent information.
In contrast, Monte Carlo only
updates its value function
at the end of each episode.
In the long run, TD
learned more quickly than
Monte Carlo and achieved
better final error.
That's it for today.
In the coming weeks,
we will build control
algorithms using TD.
I can't wait to see you then.